README.md, before:

# novelette
Simplified LuaLaTeX Document Class for Popular Fiction

Novelette is the younger, smaller sibling to the existing Novel document class.
It is faster, more accurate, and simpler to use. It achieves this by limiting
available setings and macros to only those that are absolutely necessary for
print-to-paper popular fiction. No frills, but my public library is full of
books that are well within the capability of Novelette.

This is a work in progress, as of late February 2023. The main features have
been tested, but are still subject to change. Thus, no documentation yet.
Power users can get a glimpse of what Novelette will do, by looking into
the code.

Expected release late March 2023 (moved to mid-April).

UPDATE, April 9, 2023: Fixed some typos in the html (Thanks!). Implemented
some experimental code changes. The experiments work for me, but because
they are quite radical, more testing is needed. If they withstand the tests,
potential users will be so happy!

UPDATE, April 7, 2023: Getting closer. Re-activated language support for
more Western European languages. No big issues remain, although there may
be bugs lurking in some of the settings (not to my knowledge). Still need
to work on Swainson fonts. Still need to work on documentation. Need to
decide what to leave in, what to take out. Still wating for 2023 binaries
on my platform (I cannot get them from TUG or build them myself).

UPDATE, April 3, 2023: Getting closer. Will work some more on the
Swainson fonts, documentation, minor tweaks.

UPDATE, March 30, 2023: Doing tweaks. Code works, needs finishing touches.
Still waiting for my system to install TeXlive 2023.

UPDATE, March 23, 2023: Novelette works in its most essential features.
The frills also work, but are likely to be revised. Since TeXlive 2023
will soon be available, I will delay Novelette until my own system has
both 2022 and 2023 running.

Development continues. Documentation is very preliminary (what you see
inside doc directory is really just some basic info). Currently, I am tweaking
some of the alignment settings. The included Swainson fonts are not yet
ready for building to *.otf.

The novelette-example.pdf file is s short example, at the current development.

Commit message:

modified:   README.md 	new file:   doc/lualatex/novelette/alerts.txt 	modified:   doc/lualatex/novelette/classoptions.txt 	modified:   doc/lualatex/novelette/footnotes.txt 	modified:   doc/lualatex/novelette/novelette.html 	deleted:    fonts/opentype/novelette/FONTS-INFO 	deleted:    fonts/opentype/novelette/Swainson-Italic.txt 	deleted:    fonts/opentype/novelette/Swainson-Light.txt 	deleted:    fonts/opentype/novelette/Swainson-Regular.txt 	modified:   novelette-example.pdf 	deleted:    tex/lualatex/novelette/mt-Swainson.cfg 	modified:   tex/lualatex/novelette/novelette-design.sty 	modified:   tex/lualatex/novelette/novelette-fonts.sty 	modified:   tex/lualatex/novelette/novelette-footnotes.sty 	modified:   tex/lualatex/novelette/novelette-language.sty 	modified:   tex/lualatex/novelette/novelette-microtype.cfg 	modified:   tex/lualatex/novelette/novelette-settings.sty 	modified:   tex/lualatex/novelette/novelette-shading.sty 	modified:   tex/lualatex/novelette/novelette-utilities.sty 	modified:   tex/lualatex/novelette/novelette.cls

README.md, after:

# novelette
Simplified LuaLaTeX Document Class for Popular Fiction

Novelette is the younger, smaller sibling to the existing Novel document class.
It is faster, more accurate, and simpler to use. It achieves this by limiting
available setings and macros to only those that are absolutely necessary for
print-to-paper popular fiction. No frills, but my public library is full of
books that are well within the capability of Novelette.

This is a work in progress, as of late February 2023. The main features have
been tested, but are still subject to change. Thus, no documentation yet.
Power users can get a glimpse of what Novelette will do, by looking into
the code.

Expected release mid-April 2023. Before I release it, I must wait for
2023 binaries on my platform. They are custom-built, beyond my control.

UPDATE, April 10, 2023: Fixed some typos in the html (Thanks!). Implemented
some experimental code changes. The experiments work for me, but because
they are quite radical, more testing is needed. If they withstand the tests,
potential users will be so happy! Swainson fonts will not be part of the
release (not really necessary). If you have their preliminary files,
please delete them (unfinished).
